# Meeting â€” 17.06.2025

* discussion of handling of merge requests
* talking about the code structure
* proper use of poetry

## Tasks
* Michael: move metadata files into root
* Michael: restructure codes into `src` folder
* Justus: create milestones and according dev branches, where features go firstly
